Update Blog Post “2015/02/2015-02-02-agency-perspectives-on-personas-use-development-and-challenges” (#5691)
GSA/digitalgov.gov: content/news/2015/02/2015-02-02-agency-perspectives-on-personas-use-development-and-challenges.md

slug: agency-perspectives-on-personas-use-development-and-challenges
date: 2015-02-02 10:00:00 -0400
title: Agency Perspectives on Personas (Use, Development and Challenges)
summary: Personas are tools your agency can use to learn about your end users
  and drive decisions. Personas are so useful because they serve as a
  communication tool for your team. You can keep these personas in mind to guide
  any work that your agency performs. Let&#8217;s delve a bit deeper into
  personas and review two
# See all topics at https://digital.gov/topics
topics:
  - HHS
  - personas
  - US Department of Agriculture
  - united-states-department-of-health-and-human-services
  - USDA
  - user-experience
# See all authors at https://digital.gov/authors
authors:
  - kdaniel
# Controls how this page appears across the site
# 0 -- hidden
# 1 -- visible
weight: 1
---
Personas are tools your agency can use to learn about your end users and drive decisions. Personas are so useful because they serve as a communication tool for your team. You can keep these personas in mind to guide any work that your agency performs.

> Let&#8217;s delve a bit deeper into \[personas]({{< ref "2015-01-09-personas-101.md" >}}) and review two examples from the federal community. The Department of Human and Health Services (HHS) and the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) both 

Reviewer: Removed HTML code for apostrophe and slash before the link (it was causing it to render incorrectly).

```suggestion
Let's delve a bit deeper into [personas]({{< ref "2015-01-09-personas-101.md" >}}) and review two examples from the federal community. The Department of Human and Health Services (HHS) and the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) both 
```

---

Is it supposed to end on `both`?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3385219/210648031-28c9d979-b95d-454e-ac9d-cc6148749acd.png)

Author: You're right! It isn't, good catch.
